Enhance authentication methods section for Google Cloud (#1388)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/compute-envs/google-cloud-batch.md

This requires the following steps in the GCP Console: 

1. Create a [Workload Identity Pool and Provider](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/workload-identity-federation-with-other-providers) in your Google Cloud project. 
2. Set Seqera as an OIDC provider within the pool. Set the Issuer URL to `https://cloud.seqera.io/api`.
3. Set the **Allowed audiences**. If left empty, GCP derives a default audience from the provider resource path in the format `//iam.googleapis.com/projects/{PROJECT}/locations/global/workloadIden
  tityPools/{POOL}/providers/{PROVIDER}`. If you specify a custom value, it must match exactly what you enter in the Token audience field when creating the Google WIF credential in Seqera.
4. Define an attribute mapping and condition. At a minimum set `google.subject=assertion.sub`. This maps the subject claim from Seqera's JWT to GCP's identity space. For more information see [here](https://docs.cloud.google.com/iam/docs/workload-identity-federation-with-other-providers#mappings-and-conditions)

> 5. Grant `roles/iam.workloadIdentityUser` on the service account created above to the Workload Identity Pool principal. This can be set for all pool identities or for a specific workspace. 

Reviewer: nit: The current text doesn't actually describe creating a service account in the preceding steps. I'll rephrase to something like "on the GCP service account that WIF will impersonate."

Reviewer 2: I've updated this to be clearer

After setting up WIF in Google Cloud, you need the following information to create a credential in Seqera:

* **Service Account Email**: The email address of the Google Cloud service account that WIF will impersonate.
* **Workload Identity Provider**: The full resource path of the Workload Identity Provider (e.g., `projects/PROJECT_NUMBER/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/POOL_ID/providers/PROVIDER_ID`).

> * **Token Audience** (optional): The intended audience for the OIDC token. Configure this if your Workload Identity Provider requires a specific audience value. Ensure this matches what you have configured in the **Allowed Audiences** value in the GCP console

Author: ```suggestion
* **Token Audience** (optional): The intended audience for the OIDC token. Configure this if your Workload Identity Provider requires a specific audience value. Ensure this matches what you have configured in the **Allowed Audiences** value in the GCP console.
```

> 
> 1. **Service Account Email**: The email address of the Google Cloud service account that WIF will impersonate.
> 2. **Workload Identity Provider**: The full resource path of the Workload Identity Provider (e.g., `projects/PROJECT_NUMBER/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/POOL_ID/providers/PROVIDER_ID`).
> 3. **Token Audience** (optional): The intended audience for the OIDC token. Configure this if your Workload Identity Provider requires a specific audience value. Ensure this matches what you have configured in the **Allowed Audiences** value in the GCP console.
> 
> :::caution
> If WIF authentication fails, verify that the Workload Identity Provider path is correctly formatted, the service account has the required permissions, and the Kubernetes service account is properly annotated for your deployment environment. Check your Seqera Platform logs for specific error details. A `400` error typically indicates an invalid provider format, while a `401` error indicates a token exchange failure.
> :::

Reviewer: - "the Kubernetes service account is properly annotated for your deployment environment", this is wrong for the Platform's WIF flow. The K8s SA annotation pattern is for GKE Workload Identity (workloads inside GKE), not for Platform-as-OIDC-IdP authenticating to GCP from outside. Platform doesn't rely on K8s SA annotations,/ it signs JWTs with its own RSA key.
- "verify that the Workload Identity Provider path is correctly formatted", is not a runtime failure. The backend [validates the format at credential creation](vscode-webview://1ilimjqqcl1q8fvpeospq34cnp176slp03aaltdvdv0voeu3vtcu/%60GoogleSecurityKeysValidator%60) and returns "Invalid Workload Identity Provider format. Expected: projects/{PROJECT_NUMBER}/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/{POOL}/providers/{PROVIDER}" before the credential is saved.
- "A 400 error typically indicates an invalid provider format, while a 401 error indicates a token exchange failure", I would keep the troubleshooting list generic.
- "Check your Seqera Platform logs", if this is for Cloud only (not Enterprise), I'd remove this.

I would suggest this:

```suggestion
:::caution
If WIF authentication fails at runtime, verify that:

- The service account has the required roles (see [Service account permissions](#service-account-permissions))
- The Workload Identity Pool principal has `roles/iam.workloadIdentityUser` on the service account
- The Issuer URL configured in the WIF provider matches Platform's URL
- The Token Audience in the credential (if set) matches the Allowed Audiences in the WIF provider
:::
```

Wdyt?
